The following are a list of propaganda techniques, their definitions and an example:

1. Name calling – Attack an object/subject of the propaganda with an insulting label. Example: "WHO: Coronavirus emergency is ’Public Enemy Number 1’"
2. Repetition – Repeat the same message over and over. Example: "I still have a dream. It is a dream deeply rooted in the American dream. I have a dream that one day . . ."
3. Slogans – Use a brief and memorable phrase. Example: "“BUILD THE WALL!” Trump tweeted"
4. Appeal to fear – Support an idea by instilling fear against other alternatives. Example: "A dark, impenetrable and “irreversible” winter of persecution of the faithful by their own shepherds will fall."
5. Doubt – Question the credibility of someone or something. Example: “Can the same be said for the Obama Administration?"
6. Exaggeration/minimization – Exaggerate or minimize something. Example: "Coronavirus ‘risk to the American people remains very low’, Trump said.”
7. Flag-Waving – Appeal to patriotism or identity. Example: "Mueller attempts to stop the will of We the People!!! It’s time to jail Mueller"
8. Loaded Language – Appeal to emotions or stereotypes. Example: "Outrage as Donald Trump suggests injecting disinfectant to kill virus."
9. Reduction ad Hitlerum – Disapprove an idea by suggesting it is popular with groups hated by the audience. Example: "“Vichy journalism,” a term which now fits so much of the mainstream media. It collaborates in the same way that the Vichy government in France collaborated with the Nazis"
10. Bandwagon – Appeal to the popularity of an idea. Example: "He tweeted, “EU no longer considers #Hamas a terrorist group. Time for US to do same.”"
11. Causal Oversimplification – Assume a simple cause for a complex event. Example: "If France had not have declared war on Germany then World War II would have never happened."
12. Obfuscation, intentional vagueness – Use deliberately unclear and obscure expressions to confuse the audience.
13. Appeal to authority – Use authority’s support as evidence. Example: "Monsignor Jean-Franois Lantheaume, who served as first Counsellor of the Nunciature in Washington, confirmed that “Vigan said the truth. That’s all.”"
14. Black & white fallacy – Present only two options among many. Example: "Francis said these words: “Everyone is guilty for the good he could have done and did not do . . . If we do not oppose evil, we tacitly feed it.”"
15. Thought-terminating clichés – Phrases that discourage critical thought and meaningful discussions. Example: "I do not really see any problems there. Marx is the President."
16. Red herring – Introduce irrelevant material to distract. Example: "“You may claim that the death penalty is an ineffective deterrent against crime – but what about the victims of crime? How do you think surviving family members feel when they see the man who murdered their son kept in prison at their expense? Is it right that they should pay for their son’s murderer to be fed and housed?”"
17. Straw men – Refute an argument that was not presented. Example: "“Take it seriously, but with a large grain of salt.” Which is just Allen’s more nuanced way of saying: “Don’t believe it.”"
18. Whataboutism – Charge an opponent with hypocrisy. Example: "President Trump —who himself avoided national military service in the 1960’s— keeps beating the war drums over North Korea."

For each of the techniques and according to its definition, answer with a yes or no if the technique is being used in the following text with an example from the text if present. This should take the exact form of: ‘propaganda technique – Yes or no – Explanation’.

{text}


Lastly, give a final verdict on whether the text is propaganda, stating a percentage likelihood on the text being propaganda followed by a detailed explanation.
This should take the form of:

‘Verdict – [Number]% – [Explanation]’